 So, let's start first by I will be sharing the screen. And since I was on vacation this week, I haven't had the opportunity to play around with these things as much as I wanted to, or maybe not at all. But currently, Nemanja, you also have the access to this board. So we have these different tasks that are currently being worked on. So on our latest meeting, we were fooling around with our application that we had. So, we are working on a new project developed by now. And we went through... Oh, Boris is joining. Hello, Boris. Hello, hello. Hello, Boris. Today we have Nemanja on the call, so we are speaking English. Hello, Boris. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. Okay. So, yeah, on last meeting we were talking about the branching process. We were playing around with how and what, how to develop. Basically, our current process of branching is that we have this repository. And I created this task where you can add your meal to this one. So I can invite you to this repository. So if you would have time to add your username or email and I will be able to add you. Currently, we have two branches. Usually we have a main branch and everyone will have their own feature branch. Currently, we will not have until at this stage, we will not have production branch, UAT branch or a dev branch. Currently, we will have one main branch, let's say. And as these things progress, we can then separate different branches. So for now, if you want to have anything merged to a main branch, you need to create your own feature branch. After you are happy with your changes, you can create a pull request to the main branch. As I see, I had one pull request here. And on this pull request, this is the wrong branch. I'm showing it wrong branch. I had this one open pull request, basically main, but these are my feature branches that I'm naming them. But I have this open pull request and the process currently is that if you want to merge your branch to the main, someone has to approve. It's not possible to be a self-approver, let's say. So if I want to have this, I requested from Matos. So currently in these changes, I just added this comment and removed unnecessary items. And yeah, we were also able to start working with this basic application that is able to create a transcript for us. And we are using currently OpenAI Whisper model that is free if you are running it on your own machine. But if you want to use their machine, you need to pay for some credit for OpenAI. And then as you send them your video, you create an API request, HTTP request, and then they process your video and send you the transcript. But if you are using your own machine, then it's for free. And Matos, if you want, you maybe can share what we have currently. Because from the last meeting, I haven't had the opportunity to play around with this. But so if you're okay with it, would you mind to share? Yes, maybe give me a few minutes because I'm sitting in that because I changed it to Docker Compose and I'm playing something I will show in a while. That's perfect. Okay. Okay. So the state of the project is just the backend for transcript right now? Yes. Yes. Yes. Most of all, most of all, just really to run the script and statically that video in the code. Okay. And the Docker runs the Whisper model on it or we are using their services? Yes, using their. Okay. Currently we have we install Whisper on Docker image and that's how we run it. We don't pay. But currently what we did in this, we were investigating some of these different APIs like just different technologies and. Hello, Iskra. Nice. Yeah, so we currently we have these different models and results from different engines. Currently Google was able to do a pretty good job on our first video, but second video was bad. IBM model had these different versions. They were there, but it wasn't able to understand both of the videos, but not quite. But the best results we have with Whisper for now. There are also some other models and APIs we can investigate. We can investigate and we are usually using them from. Yeah, we basically what we did, we went from this list and we just investigated the how different models are because this speech recognition library for Python that we had, it is not it is maintained, but not for all the models. And basically, if you want to use some of these models, you need to read documentation on your own. So we were playing around with this. So currently what if you want to, we would be able to watch the previous recordings in this Google Drive. You would like to open this link and to test if you have access to Google account. And if you do, just untag yourself, just remove yourself as a as any. So basically. It will drive an inline. Okay. Yes, binary is meeting the videos and blah, blah, blah. Okay. Okay, I removed myself from the task. Yeah. And so basically these tasks is just for you like to be able to track if you want to watch something, you can find some information and like if and to remove yourself, if you like, I'm okay with that. I don't I'm done with it either. So basically when all the names are removed, then it is like this tested, let's say, and then it is moved to complete. Okay. So yeah. Thank you for this. I will add you. Nemanja, you can also add your, if you would be able to. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. What's, you used this email for GitHub? I think so. Oh, okay. It doesn't seem to find you. Okay. Oh, let's set up. Okay. It's interesting because I logged in with that account right now and it's working. So I don't know. You can try the nickname. Yeah, that could be better. Okay. Oh, sorry. It was me maybe because I was searching here instead of clicking. I was able to find them. You know. Okay. Okay. I have accepted. Yeah, I have joined. This is cool. Okay. Yeah. So yeah, basically you would be, you can pull the code and also we can have a demonstration how it is currently working application. So let me, if you, Matos, do you want to show or do you need some more time? Okay. So this is. So let's go like for this, Matos was working on some additional changes. But this is. Current state, let's say. And. Okay. Okay, so by translating this term. Okay, so yeah, like. Like Matos said, we are currently having this everything hard coded just bring around with the model and trying to run it and see what we get in the Docker file. We are using Python 3.8 slim image. We are using slim and I would see to use maybe some other version because I was trying to run on Alpine. Alpine image, but it took me a lot of time to set it up and also I had issues because I was not able to run it and in the end, because this is the reason why we are trying to use slim images because we want to have the least possible least vulnerabilities. And this image is currently is having if we would use Alpine image, we would have much smaller number of vulnerabilities. And but there are some other options. I still haven't investigated regarding official Python images, what they are offering out of the box. But when we use slim, it is having a number of vulnerabilities. Then when we use the whole. The whole image of which would have more than 700. This is not as important right now, but maybe to start thinking how to manage these vulnerabilities from the beginning. And so we would be able not to have issues later on. Or also to be able to to show off in the future in some job interview that how to consider this. So yeah, we have these couple of these images and let me run one of those. So this is this current image that is created from this. This in here is slim means that this is using Python slim and whisper base since whisper has whisper model has different. This model has different amount of data to strain on. And if you choose base, it will download a smaller package of training data than if you use medium or large large model supports different languages also. But it's take a lot of time to download. With it, so we can go with this base now. Basically, it is. Stop it. So, okay. Basically, these files are created as output from the script. So if I would delete this file, it will be a file. So, okay, basically, these files are created as output from the script. So if I would delete this audio file. And transcript. This. Basically, what happens first video is created transformed audio. Now, the base is is used model based the data. It is only 140 gigabytes. The medium is one point. 139 megabytes and medium is one point for gigabytes. So there is a difference in size. And currently we are printing the whole results and this whole bunch of data that in this transcript, we are having this transcript from the. From that video. And we are getting more or less needed data. But if I would use the whole Jason. Here that is printed also. So I copied this from terminal output to the converter. And what we have, we have all beside of the transcript in this Jason, we have. At what second the sentence was used from zero to five seconds. This. And this one from five to 20 seconds and so on. It was a piece. Yeah, so this way you can have output like and what point of time did something was mentioned was something mentioned. So, yeah, this, this was last week progress and this is the time showing you like for what we meant until the last week after this. I was not I was on vacation. So I was not working much on this and Matt is now trying to show us. So. Any thoughts from you guys. Yeah, I think it looks very cool for now. And the some basic cells. But yeah, like, let me first check everything that is done because I didn't have time to watch everything and read. I need some time to like go through through everything and just like set up on my local environment and try to run it and test it so. I can research, but yeah, I mean, for now, this was looks like amazing because you have like. Seconds where it starts where it's finished so you can basically. See and maybe skip to one point or feed it to another. Which is main, which is like main idea for for this project. Yeah, I mean, in my opinion, it is it looks very nice for now. Currently, and running I turn on the you can see in this ask like how to set up. And basically, and you can download this file from from the gate. Main files now from from the gate. OK, so and you have these commands like the name of the image and then just on that minus V. This is the volume. That is created. You need to specify so you would be able to get these outputs in your own your also. On machine machine not only. OK, thank you. So it needs to be done much less because I'm working on that. So it's just one common Docker compose app. And you can just enter container and write Python main path so much easier than creating manually in terminal this volume and everything so it'd be much easier, but. And they. Some details on it. I don't know. I have some problems with. Five file locations. I was trying something and I don't know what's happening. Something even. So maybe. So yeah, so if you when you. When you check these things you can untag yourself and then you're even from these meetings, you don't have to watch them. But this is basically we were able to like this is. There is not much information more than what we did, but if you want, you can find that. And remove yourself after. And where can I find languages which model supports which. Just find it. I own their documentation. We have this list. But only in this large is let's say this large is I cannot this. I cannot this or the precision is. In with with English and Spanish and these large languages, but you can see these languages here on the side. You can. Slava calls to is on the list and. Serbia and. Many more. Okay. Okay, thank you. I would like this to one of these tasks. Let's just think will be here in the investigative French recognition. firm. Okay. I would like to share some thoughts we were talking last week with you guys that if you agree that we can do this also investigation about another solution or how to transcribe a text and also start to work on back and front and so you can have something I would say that's something visible that you already have some I don't know upload input that we can really upload not like now hardcoded but we can upload whatever video click that something like process and really print out the text I would like to move to that table that we have some results of really how do we use you agree we can talk about that yeah about how to have we were briefly on the last call with Matei we were thinking to go with the express and react stack for creation on so we can add because also material thoughts and I think it sounded like a good idea but also other opinions would be great it's mainly it's not so much work it's really it's very very basic stuff so doesn't take so long time just to do this upload video and the text I was just thinking also that maybe if we all do something new it's just really idea you don't need to do this way but I was reading that also do some back end and problem already in a rust it's a really challenging and this this one which is really growing because yesterday some very interesting announcement from microsoft to invest much more they released that they can 10 million dollars invest for rust and really they have even released in production some code so seems promising for me maybe it's it doesn't need to be just take in consideration consider also this or somehow I would like to also somehow interact but maybe it could be difficult for but yeah maybe smaller projects or I read about it but if yeah if we would go I think I never worked with it so have you guys have any experience with rust which is very basic yeah I mean I didn't have any experience but now in my in my company which we want to like develop one of our api's in rust so I think it could be really good chance to learn and also and also develop our own back end service in russ because it is really fast and reliable so I think it would be okay but yeah I think that learning curve in rust is a little bit difficult so it will take time to just like learn some kind of basic things or something like that so but in my opinion I would go with rust go with rust okay we can then if you want but let's try to have it like this way let's if we would choose like to go like but to up front talk about what would be our time investment in this thing like and that is a good thing because the main focus of these is like these gatherings would be like to learn new stuff to try out on the real project so why not but let's let's say like let's try to do something in two weeks and if we start doing then why not continue working on that but if we don't make any progress then let's choose something that we already know and then we can go back later like so my point is like that's cool and that would be great but only risk I see that we don't find time to to overcome this learning curve but if we think that we would that we are willing to commit then why not let's go and do it yeah I agree we can go with something a little bit easier like express or node for like first run and then after that if if our project gets anywhere we can like try to refactor somehow of our service in in the rust so yeah yes or just make only some parts but we need to be much faster we can try to for now I would really put this rust only to somehow to resource section of our company not not like for main just to give it a chance somehow maybe if you have time try out but really yes for now to do something easier is what we are familiar with and before we know what we can do something with that not just experimenting something yeah because uh with node I think the money you you were you are also working with node you had experience working with it yeah and matei also was working and this is something that if I'm stuck if someone else stuck we can ask each other but if this if something is completely new for everyone then it can be like a difficult one what someone would need to take a lead on learning it and then like leading the that technology for the let's say for the community so if yeah that could could be like the cool thing like let's go with the rust when if someone did like why not like if we be and also yeah so yeah we can combine like that so if somebody is willing to take it like okay why not if you yes of course one of us can try maybe it's very interesting very successful stuff and then he will just one meeting said hey guys look what I have he can show what he got that he really comfortable already and and really like my question is why do you even want to use like node stack because all all the machine learning libraries are in python so there will be like massive overhead for communicating between services in different languages and so on why don't use jungle or flask or something small for basic like rest apis for now and then we can create microservices or modules which communicates together but I don't see like the need to use different languages for now yes also cross my mind yes like for front end of course we can choose whatever you want but I will stick to the python for back end api for now or I was I would suggest to stick with python yes already crossed my mind I don't know why I didn't look at this topic last time Mati just started talking about it and just really ended meeting what say that maybe no just it was very old maybe so I'm open to anything and I think you jungle or flask it's really very reasonable what you said so yes I think again yeah good point exactly but currently we we stayed with the node for the yeah reason we have someone who is familiar with it with the setup so and yeah with python it's the same question as with rust any any experience in the in the in the in the in the in the in the in the rust any any experience in the in the here with the setting up flask or jungle projects I made some project in flask okay it's like jungle has better support for database connection and so on but it's easy you use some decorators functions and so on so it's very similar to java or something else I would say that's cool then yeah then that that would be like a viable option like if we have someone who already worked with it and because it would be like yeah then maybe we can you can maybe think about how this would be set up and how to start with it and and introduce it to us we can or even recommend some education material or something like that like to just to have enough to start following okay yes I think it's a concrete topic to maybe have a look this week maybe next week we can mention who who were playing with that or have you tried and run the players for example just some basic things to set up the flask okay so what do you say guys to create this task like for everyone you like investigate what do you you mentioned what is jungle jungle or flask but you mentioned that one is has better documentation and better uh jungle is like framework and flask is just for the web services so jungle has better like usability I think yeah and it is used more broadly in the companies so what do you say if you all agree then to to write the task for all of us like investigate uh jungle for the next uh week so in in one week time we can have something and then we can talk how to set up the project in jungle or even if someone wants to feel free to to play around and to set up a band present what would you like to do and how or no limitations let's say like that okay you have some experience yeah regarding jungle current project we're working on in company is based on jungle I don't have experience set up just like working or implementing new features so yeah let me let me investigate that part of set up but I don't think it is too like too difficult to set up everything okay cool then it seems like we have a good starting point for next week's conversation and do we have some plans like what to do and what to focus uh yes because I think it's time already to move to that part because we already have something we rounded only in terminals like yeah no no need but no we cannot do more now we just theoretically we still have these different speech recognition engine api's that we can investigate but this can maybe be a loss of time not best use of time maybe we can now do the second step like investigate that can solution then front end and then later we can come back if we would not be happy with whisper investigate more other possibilities or do it in the meantime like how the things progress when you've uh okay so what can I also add here in this task if you have some learning materials that you would recommend can you add them here in this description part but that would be manageable let's say for the uh one week time or maybe we get so that like we can do like that like everyone will have different sources and if someone finds something that is good find it's good think that it's good to like to share with anyone you can do it here add here in the comment or in the description and but even right now if you already know something yes I think my way will be just somehow speak to documentation just try out really learn learn by doing maybe of course I will meet some articles how to say that maybe this this or maybe I will share but I may be stick on documentation okay yeah that's gonna be cool so from these other tasks uh as you see you can find here social contract the idea here is to add some things that you would like for the whole group to respect this is something that we are currently using in my team in uh in my team like on on the work and there we have some things like if you have some issues with not knowing how to do something more than 30 minutes ask someone like don't lose don't lose time like and like asking ask the people like in the community if you have some issues or don't know something like don't be afraid to ask also one of the topic I suggested last time to have like in a social contract is not to be late on the meetings the like uh if of course these things can happen but if someone is late then that one will have to sing a song for on the recording I already prepared two songs in my own life but these these things will be added to social contract of course only if everyone is agreeing to them so no need to uh impose some rules on anyone like to but only if you are everyone is okay we can add these items to the social contract so feel free to think about it then the next week this is these two suggestions were from my uh uh from me but also think about if you have something like you can feel free to add here yeah I think one of the things maybe we can uh we have already grouped whatsapp maybe we can add also nemania because we sometimes some information during the week it's better if we share all maybe okay uh Yeah, I will add an email then to WhatsApp. So this is it from my side. So if you find something, feel free to think and see. I think a very interesting puzzle. I will try to play around with the Python framework. Matus, have you been able to finish these things that you wanted to show us? Still, I'm talking to Pringles and still somehow I don't know what happened. If you want, you can share. Maybe we can watch you and you can explain us what are your thoughts. Just give me a few moments because I have really messed up here. I don't even want to show what I have. So many redundants now. So. So. So. I. I posted two links in the Django task. Both links are for starter kits. Like some people compiled Docker setup and so on. For like bigger projects. So maybe we can start there by jumpstarting the process in Django. And don't waste time with Docker setup and things around that. Because we anyway need to wrap it to the application, not just separate the modules. So. The cookie cutter one is really popular and you can do like setup like IDEs and so on. What you want to use. It generates a whole project. It can be stored on GitHub. Webpack Go, Django. Yeah, it seems that they are really maintaining the project really well. They have regular releases. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. I don't know for sure but I think it will be better on Sunday. Yeah we were thinking like maybe to have this I would write the message on Thursday or Friday and I will ping you guys in a WhatsApp and then yeah anyone can help and like say like yeah Sunday is good no it's not good so basically how majority responds but usually the way of thinking is usually on Sunday everyone is home for the next weekend but of course if sometimes it can happen that no one wants on Sunday so we can think about so if you guys okay I can then move like have Sunday as a base day these meetings or and then the Monday could be be if we are not able to have one Sunday. Sounds good. Yeah that's worse for me because yeah I just say you know that I have like a training session from like working days throughout the working days like from 7 to 8 tonight so yeah I think that Sunday is better but yeah I mean we can always test this and if we see that Sunday is better option we can stick to it. Cool I will move it like to have to be like on Sundays and we then can move like if we want to have free weekend usually when the holiday season starts then we will probably have pause with this meeting or something but we will talk about it when it comes. Okay I will stop the recording so then we can walk like maybe out of the topic stuff or at least I will pause it now for if you figure out what you want to show us then I can assume that I will pause it for now.